EDU-19066: Feedback #5412 - Content improvement (#2876)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/faststore-api/schema/enums.mdx

title: 'Enums'
---

Enums define a fixed set of allowed values for a field or argument in the FastStore GraphQL schema. When a field type or query argument is an enum, only the values listed for that enum are accepted. They are used as argument values in queries (e.g., `sort`) and as fields returned in query responses (e.g., `type` in a collection).

## StoreCollectionType

Product collection type, returned in the `type` field of the [`StoreCollection`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/schema-objects#storecollection) object. These values reflect the VTEX Catalog hierarchy: departments, categories, and subcategories make up the catalog tree, while brands, clusters, and collections are additional grouping mechanisms configured in the VTEX Admin.

> > ℹ️ To learn more about how the VTEX catalog is structured, see [Categories](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/what-is-a-category), [Brands](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-brand), and [Product Clusters](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/creating-a-product-cluster) guides.

Author: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ To learn more about how the VTEX catalog is structured, see [Categories](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/what-is-a-category), [Brands](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-brand), and [Product collection](https://help.vtex.com/en/docs/tutorials/creating-a-product-collection) guides.
```

> > ℹ️ To learn more about how the VTEX catalog is structured, see [Categories](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/categories--2ftXf22SQWE2iKMmAEeViJ), [Brands](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-brand--QU07yhHoaWgaqkq8y0ygc), and [Product Clusters](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/creating-a-product-cluster--tutorials_6157) guides.

Author: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ To learn more about how the VTEX catalog is structured, see [Categories](https://help.vtex.com/docs/tutorials/what-is-a-category), [Brands](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/what-is-a-brand), and [Product Clusters](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/creating-a-product-cluster) guides.
```
